Add details on how to disable MFA in Azure (#2913)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/git/setup-azure.md

<TabItem value="mfa" label="Turn off MFA for service user">

While it's common to enforce multi-factor authentication (MFA) for normal user accounts, service user authentication must not need an extra factor. If you enable a second factor for the service user, this can interrupt production runs and cause a failure to clone the repository. In order for the OAuth access token to work, the best practice is to remove any more burden of proof of identity for service users.

As a result, MFA must be explicity disabled in the Office 365 or Azure AD administration panel for the service user.  Just having it "un-connected" will not be sufficient, as dbt Cloud will be prompted to set up MFA instead of allowing the credentials to be used as intended.

To disable MFA for a single user using the Office 365 Administration console:

> Go to Microsoft 365 admin center -> Users -> Active users -> Select the user -> Manage multifactor authentication -> Select the user -> Disable multi-factor authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to Microsoft 365 admin center -> Users -> Active users -> Select the user -> Manage multifactor authentication -> Select the user -> Disable multi-factor authentication.
```

To use the Azure AD interface:

> This procedure involves disabling Security Defaults on AAD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br />This procedure involves disabling Security Defaults on AAD.
```

> 1. Go to the AAD Admin Center. Drill down to Azure Active Directory... Manage... Properties... Manage Security defaults and select No to "Enable Security Defaults", then Save.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the AAD Admin Center. Scroll down to Azure Active Directory ->Manage ->Properties -> Manage Security defaults and then select **No** in "Enable Security Defaults",
2. Select **Save**.
```

> 2. Next, go to Azure Active Directory... Manage... Users... Click on the elipsis (...) and then the Multi-Factor Authentication link (if the link is greyed-out, Security Defaults are still enabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to **Azure Active Directory** -> Manage -> Users ->Click on the ellipsis (...) and then the Multi-Factor Authentication link. If the link is greyed out, you need to make sure you disable **Security Defaults**).
```

> 3. The link will jump you out to a "multi-factor authentication" page. There select a user or users and then click on Disable under "quick steps" if MFA is currently Enabled for them. Answer Yes to confirm. To re-enable MFA for that user, select them again and click Enable. Note you may have to go through MFA setup for that user after enabling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The link will take you to a "multi-factor authentication" page. 
5. If MFA is enabled for users, select a user or users and click on **Disable** under **Quick steps** i
6. Click **Yes** to confirm your changes 
To re-enable MFA for that user, select them again and click **Enable**. Note you may have to go through MFA setup for that user after enabling it.
```
